on the eve of winter automakers
Gorobets push their SUVs
this year, the freedom company held 301
popular
grand vitara car appearance seriously
changed the grille
got more opera dynamic form on
a number of steel bikers added gloss
and chrome side moldings for
place under the sun grand vitara competes with
cars like the nissan extreme
Russian assembly Opel Antara and toyota rav4
the interior has changed well so seriously however
no major update needed
Well, that's what it looks like
quite
perhaps the only modern thing
immediately notice the appearance on
color touch center console
screen
which displays a picture with
navigation system also
Bluetooth appeared in the slot for sd card
also not waiting for a flash drive without these
little things we do not think modern
car especially in Russian car
available with three options
gasoline engines in our
available flagship version with
motor displacement of 2 point four
tenths of a liter and a capacity of 169 square
wore judging
estimated power is quite decent
however, in fact, the car is accelerating wrong
clearly not expected
speed set occurs on
post evil long queue
but they do not care
not the most modern four-step
automatic transmission
automatic efficiency
depends not only on the amount of transmission
but also on how correct
spelled out the control program box and
how well agree
transmission gear ratios
with the characteristics of the engine yes UAH
guitar and to that four-stage
nevertheless thanks to competent
on building management programs and
optimal selection of gear ratios
transmission works
on the report let's hope that
situation grand vitara behaves quite confidently
and deadpan by mistake reliable
car to stable
behavior on asphalt contributes
permanent
four-wheel drive which in this regard is big
rarity
almost all competitors out of favor
not bad grand vitara behaves and out
asphalt tracks all this thanks
an impressive 20 centimeter
clearance from
and minimum body weight
restyling inauguration imparted
gatve tare a teenager who is often not
enough and more modern
competitors